Question: The ServiceNow SIM methodology is based around what generic methodologies?
A. Waterfall and Rapid Application Development (RAD)
B. Agile and Waterfall
C. Prince
D. Scrum and XP
Suggested answer: B

Question: If an HR Services needs to be accessible to employees on the Employee Service Center, what field must be completed on the HR Service?
A. Checklist
B. Fulfiller Instructions
C. Lifecycle Event type
D. Record Producer
Suggested answer: D


Question: HR Profiles may be created for multiple employees using conditions and criteria in which module?
A. Create Human Resources Profile
B. Create new Case
C. Generate HR Profiles
D. Bulk Cases
Suggested answer: C

Question: User authentication and Instance restriction are examples of what type of security?
A. Physical Security
B. Roles and Groups
C. Contextual Security
D. Platform Access
Suggested answer: D

Question: If the HR Service does not have any Case options specified, HR Documents must be manually generated for the HR Case.In this situation, who is able to generate an HR document for the Case?
A. Any HR professional
B. Only an HR Admin
C. Only an HR Manager
D. Only the assigned to person
Suggested answer: D

Question: When does the HR Template populate information on the HR Case form?
A. When the Opened for person is selected
B. When the Assignment group is selected.
C. When the HR Case Type is selected.
D. When the HR service is selected on the HR Case Creation form.
Suggested answer: D

Question: If the HRSD application is scoped, why can the System Administrator initially access all HR applications after the plugin has been installed?
A. When the HR plugins are installed, the necessary HR roles are added to the Admin role.
B. The roles were manually granted by a ServiceNow security user.
C. The Admin will always have access to all HR tables and data.
D. The roles were manually granted by an HR Admin.
Suggested answer: A

Question: Scenario: You have an existing ITSM customer who is now implementing HR Enterprise. In UAT, they discovered that they get an error message about a Read operation from the HR scope to the Global scope being denied. You have verified that each Script Include was written correctly.What else must be done to allow the Script Includes to work in the HR application?
A. The Status of the associated record on the Application Restricted Caller Access list must be set to Denied.
B. You must create a custom ACL to allow the script includes to work.
C. The Status of the associated record on the Application Restricted Caller Access list must be set to Allowed.
D. You must change Scope for the script includes to work.
Suggested answer: C

Question: In the HR Guided Setup Module, the Configuration View displays which of the following for a Category? (Choose three.)
A. Properties
B. Gauges
C. Dashboards
D. Lists
E. Overviews
F. Forms
Suggested answer: ADF

Question: When gathering requirements for HR Services, it is best to begin by defining the Service then working upwards, categorizing in progressively more detail.What are the basic categories used?
A. HR Service, Topic Detail, COE.
B. HR Service, Topic Category, Activity Category, Activities, COE.
C. HR Service, Topic Category, COE.
D. HR Service, Topic Detail, Topic Category, COE.
Suggested answer: D

Question: With the I18N: Knowledge Management Internationalization Plugin v2 enabled, how are translated Knowledge articles associated with each other so that the user is presented with the article in the selected language?
A. Article Versions related list
B. Knowledge feedback related list
C. Affected Products related list
D. Translated Versions related list
Suggested answer: D

Question: When creating a PDF Document Template, where does the list of Document Revisions come from?
A. From Managed Documents
B. From Document Templates
C. From Knowledge Articles
D. From System Documents
Suggested answer: A

Question: Only users with which role, at a minimum, may view the confidential data on the HR Profiles table?
A. Profile Writer [sn_hr_core.profile_writer]
B. Profile Reader [sn_hr_core.profile_reader]
C. HR Case Writer [sn_hr_le.case_writer]
D. HR Case Reader [sn_hr_le.case_reader]
Suggested answer: B

Question: What determines if a user can view a Knowledge article?
A. Can/Cannot Read User Criteria
B. Can/Cannot Contribute User Criteria
C. HR Criteria
D. ACL Rules
Suggested answer: A

Question: What do Client Roles define?
A. Groups for the customer's clients.
B. Roles that come into force if user uses a browser client.
C. Named roles (eg VP of Operations, SVP Sales) for a customer’s clients.
D. Access for new hires, employees, alumni, contingent, and contract workers.
Suggested answer: D

Question: What is used to create a link on an HR Case form that accesses information outside the application?
A. HR Service
B. Link Generator
C. Restricted Caller Access
D. COE Configuration
Suggested answer: B

Question: If a new HR Knowledge base is created, how can it be included in the Knowledge results section on the HR Case form?
A. Add it to the HR Template
B. Add it to the HR Service configuration
C. All Knowledge bases are searched by default
D. Add it to the Contextual Search configuration
Suggested answer: D

Question: Where does the HR Administrator define which HR Profile fields can be edited in the ServiceNow instance?
A. HR Profile &gt; Setup
B. HR Administration &gt; Properties
C. HR Administration &gt; Setup
D. HR Profiles &gt; Properties
Suggested answer: B

Question: The Enterprise Service Management Integrations framework contains common components to be used for integrating HR applications with third-party systems.Which capability does the Enterprise Service Management Integrations framework leverage to communicate with external instances and third-party systems?
A. Integration designer
B. Flow designer
C. Design Hub
D. Mobile designer
Suggested answer: B

Question: What are some of the benefits of having separate COE tables? (Choose two.)
A. Allows for an extra layer of security within the HR organization.
B. Allows HR case agents to gather the right information based on the Service.
C. Eliminates the need for an HR case agent.
D. Eliminates the need to create database views.
Suggested answer: AB

Question: Who can generate the PDF document on an active HR Case?
A. Only the Assigned to person
B. Only the Subject Person’s manager
C. Only an HR manager
D. Only the employee
Suggested answer: A

Question: In which module can the HR admin manage the HR email address for incoming HR requests?
A. HR Administration &gt; Email Administration
B. System Properties &gt; Email Setup
C. System Properties &gt; Email Properties
D. HR Administration &gt; Properties
Suggested answer: D

Question: An employee in Chicago submits a request using the Employee Service Center. The HR Case template associated with the HR Service defines the Skills needed, but not an Assignment Group.Using base platform functionality, which of the following is the first step the system takes to assign the Case?
A. An Assignment Rule creates a list of possible assignees
B. A Matching Rule assigns the Case to a group
C. The Case must be manually assigned
D. An Assignment Rule assigns the Case to a group
Suggested answer: D

Question: ServiceNow has identified 3 maturity levels for an HR customer.What are they?
A. Managed Interactions, Self-Reliance, Smart Services
B. Managed Interactions, Self-Help, Advanced Services
C. No automation, Self-reliance, Smart Services
D. Managed Interactions, Self-Reliance, Automated Services
Suggested answer: A

Question: What is the primary purpose of HR Topic Categories?
A. They group common HR Services.
B. They group common HR templates.
C. They group common HR employees.
D. They group common HR Catalog Items.
Suggested answer: A

Question: What are the benefits of the HR application being scoped? (Choose three.)
A. Provides an additional layer of control over HR data.
B. Allows HR Admins to configure the HR application.
C. HR department has more autonomy to manage all aspects of HRSD.
D. Allows the System Administrator complete control.
E. HR department has full control of the global application.
Suggested answer: ABC

Question: The HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] role allows the user to add members to groups.What additional role is needed for an HR Admin to remove users from groups?
A. User Admin [user_admin]
B. User Writer [user_writer]
C. User Reader [user_reader]
D. HR User Admin [hr_user_admin]
Suggested answer: A

Question: The customer you are implementing has purchased HR Service Delivery Enterprise which includes Enterprise Onboarding and Transitions.Which plugin must be activated to utilize Enterprise Onboarding and Transitions?
A. Human Resources Scoped App: Lifecycle Events [com.sn_hr_lifecycle_events]
B. Employee Document Management [com.sn_employee_document_management]
C. Human Resources Scoped App: Core [com.sn_hr_core]
D. Employee Service Center [com.sn_hr_service_portal]
Suggested answer: A

Question: The Lifecycle Events [sn_hr_le_case] table is a direct extension of which table?
A. Talent Management [sn_hr_core_talent_management]
B. HRIT Operations Case [sn_hr_core_case_operations]
C. HR Case [sn_hr_core_case]
D. Task [sc_task]
Suggested answer: C

Question: If the HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] needs to develop within the HR application but cannot have the system Admin role, what additional role should be granted?
A. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
B. Scoped Developer [sn_hr_core.developer]
C. Delegated Developer [delegated_developer]
D. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
Suggested answer: C

Question: When the Lifecycle Events application is installed, the LE Admin role is granted to which role?
A. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. It is not added to other roles
C. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
D. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
Suggested answer: A

Question: Which of the following applications is installed with the Human Resources Scoped App: Core plugin?
A. Employee Service Center
B. Employee Document Management
C. Lifecycle Events
D. HR Case Management
Suggested answer: D

Question: If you wanted someone to administer the Employee Service Center without granting them the HR Admin role, which scoped Admin role would they need?
A. Service Portal Admin [sn_hr_sp.admin]
B. Widget Admin [sn_hr_widget.admin]
C. Employee Files Admin [sn_hr_ef.admin]
D. Integrations Admin [sn_hr_integrations.admin]
Suggested answer: A

Question: When does the platform assign a Client Role to a user?
A. Client Roles must be manually added to each employee record
B. When an HR Profile is created or modified for the employee
C. Client Roles are automatically added with Group membership
D. When a User record is created for the employee
Suggested answer: B

Question: If you had little coding experience and were tasked with adding new pages to the customer’s Employee Service Center, which Service Portal Configuration option would be best to complete the task?
A. Page Editor
B. Designer
C. Widget Editor
D. Branding Editor
Suggested answer: B

Question: What provides a graphical interface to create survey categories, questions, configure the details, and publish the survey?
A. Survey Designer
B. Survey Workflow
C. Survey Developer
D. Survey Portal
Suggested answer: A

Question: What defines the path the Case or HR Task will take when it is escalated?
A. Assignment Rules
B. Business Rules
C. Matching Rules
D. Escalation Rules
Suggested answer: D

Question: What is the purpose of the Owning Group field on the HR Template?
A. They approve the Template to be published.
B. They own the Lifecycle Event.
C. They manage updates to the Template.
D. HR Cases are assigned to the Owning Group.
Suggested answer: C

Question: After configuration on a Lifecycle Event is complete, what additional configuration is needed to initiate the LE process for an employee?
A. None. The LE will automatically trigger based on its configuration
B. An Event is needed to initiate the LE process
C. A Scheduled Job is needed to initiate the LE process
D. An HR Service is needed to initiate the LE process
Suggested answer: D

Question: When configuring a record on the COE ACL Configuration module how can you apply the conditions to all HR services for the COE?
A. Add a filter condition for each HR service
B. Select the Applies to all services box
C. Write a new ACL record for each HR service
D. Select each HR service using the Services list
Suggested answer: B

Question: In the HR Guided Setup Module, why are some tasks locked in the Task view?
A. They require an elevated role to access.
B. They are deprecated tasks that should not be completed.
C. They require other tasks to be completed first.
D. They require a plugin to be activated first.
Suggested answer: D

Question: In the base ServiceNow platform, the Human Resources General Knowledge base has Can Contribute User Criteria set to Users with the [sn_hr_core.kb_write] role.If a Knowledge article in the Human Resources General Knowledge base has no Can Contribute User Criteria set, what is the minimum role a user would need to edit the article?
A. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
C. KB Reader [sn_hr_core.kb_reader]
D. KB Writer [sn_hr_core.kb_writer]
Suggested answer: D

Question: When using the Generate HR Profiles module to create HR Profiles, what field must be completed to ensure the employees are granted the appropriate Client Role?
A. Employment type
B. Profile type
C. Employee type
D. User type
Suggested answer: A

Question: What does the employee utilize when submitting a self-service request to the HR Organization?
A. HR Catalog
B. HR Skills
C. HR Template
D. HR Profile
Suggested answer: A

Question: If you select Data Type Numeric Scale on the Assessment Metric (Survey Question) form there is a Scale definition field made visible.What does it mean to select High for the Scale definition?
A. It means a high score is bad
B. It means a high score is good
C. There is no option for Scale definition
D. There is no option for High
Suggested answer: B

Question: If an HR Document must be manually generated for an HR Case, who is able to generate the document from the Case record?
A. Only an HR Admin can generate Documents from a Case
B. Any HR professional can generate the Document, even if they are not assigned to the Case
C. Only the assigned to person can manually generate Documents from a Case
D. Only the Manager of the assignment group can generate the Document
Suggested answer: C

Question: What variable type is included to configure the HTML document template?
A. Customized Variable
B. Label Variable
C. Multi Row Variable
D. Masked Variable
Suggested answer: A

Question: When configuring a PDF Document Template, how does the system map form fields to ServiceNow fields?
A. The Document field type on the PDF Template Mappings record
B. The Preview value field on the PDF Template Mappings record
C. The Mapping field on the PDF Template Mappings record
D. The Document field on the PDF Template Mappings record
Suggested answer: C

Question: If the HR Administrator has only been given the HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] role, what additional role is necessary for them to configure all aspects of the Employee Document Management application?
A. Employee Document Management Writer[sn_hr_ef.document_writer)
B. Employee Document Management Reader[sn_hr_ef.document_reader]
C. EF Admin [sn_hr_ef.admin] role
D. No additional roles are needed
Suggested answer: C

Question: If an HR Service will only be used internally by HR professionals, what is the minimum configuration needed?
A. HR Service and HR Template.
B. HR Service, HR Template, and Record Producer.
C. HR Service.
D. HR Service, HR Template, Record Producer, and Lifecycle event type.
Suggested answer: C

Question: What must be updated or loaded into the Customer's instance before importing the stories?
A. Backlog
B. Epics
C. Products
D. Groups
Suggested answer: C

Question: If the Audience field has been configured on a Lifecycle Event Activity, what will the system do if the subject person does not meet the criteria for that Activity?
A. the activity must be manually closed by the HR professional
B. the Lifecycle Event will be canceled
C. the activity must be manually closed by the Subject person
D. the activity will be skipped
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which base instance application delivers the results of current state metrics?
A. Employee Center
B. Performance Analytics
C. HR Reports
D. HR Integrations
Suggested answer: C

Question: What is the purpose of Journey designer?
A. It tracks the progress of Lifecycle Events and onboarding cases using the dashboards.
B. It passes information from the lifecycle event case to a child case or task
C. It manages the dependencies of activities within an activity set.
D. It combines Lifecycle Event cases and Journey Accelerator action plans.
Suggested answer: D

Question: How is the HR template associated with an HR service?
A. On the HR service record
B. On the Lifecycle Event Activity Set
C. On the HR template record
D. On the HR case
Suggested answer: A

Question: Which learning task template field allows creation of the short description and description in one or more languages?
A. Language Table
B. Description Template
C. Additional fields
D. Global descriptions for translations
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which of the following are true for an HR application as it relates to the User [sys_user] Table and the HR Profile [sn_hr_core.profile] Table?
A. Both are required.
B. Only HR Profile table is required in HR.
C. Neither are required.
D. Only the User table is required in HR.
Suggested answer: A

Question: What are the advantages of removing the HR Admin role from the system Admin role after the HR Implementation tasks have been completed? (Choose two.)
A. This ensures that HR has control over further HR configurations.
B. The HR Admin role should remain a part of the system Admin role.
C. This ensures that confidential HR data is only accessible to users with an HR role.
D. It is not necessary because the system Admin always has access to all HR data.
Suggested answer: AC

Question: If the Match All field is checked on a User Criteria record, the user:
A. Must satisfy at least one of the criteria to meet the conditions.
B. Must satisfy at least of the criteria to meet the conditions.
C. Must satisfy a majority percentage of the criteria to meet the conditions.
D. Must satisfy all of the selected criteria to meet the conditions.
Suggested answer: D

Question: How can fields for a specific HR Service be displayed on the New Case Creation page?
A. HR Service-specific fields cannot be added to the New Case Creation page
B. Using the Case Creation Service Configurations
C. Using the Case Options field on the HR Service
D. Using the HR Criteria module
Suggested answer: B

Question: What is the difference between a configuration and a customization?
A. Configuration uses complex JavaScript while Customization involves field name changes and new buttons.
B. There is no difference between Configuration and Customization.
C. Customization uses the built-in tools in the platform while Configuration involves code changes.
D. Configuration uses the built-in tools in the platform while Customization involves code changes.
Suggested answer: D

Question: What is the minimum role required to access the HR Properties module?
A. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
B. LE Admin [sn_hr_le.admin]
C. Admin [admin]
D. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
Suggested answer: D

Question: What role is required to assign scoped HR roles?
A. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
C. LE Admin [sn_hr_le.admin]
D. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
Suggested answer: A

Question: Each HR service created in _______ has a corresponding transform map job.
A. HR Transform Maps
B. HR Integration Service
C. HR Service Mapping
D. HR Schema Mapping
Suggested answer: B

Question: Scenario: Alex is a member of the HR Tier 1 group which grants him the HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic] role. He is going to be out of the office for a few days and wants to use granular delegation to allow his friend Amy to complete his tasks. Amy is not yet a member of any HR groups, but hopes to transfer into HR one day. Will granular delegation work for this purpose?
A. Yes. Granular delegation will automatically grant the necessary roles
B. Yes. Granular delegation will automatically add Amy to the HR Tier 1 group where she will inherit the role.
C. Partially. Granular delegation will allow Amy access to the HR Tasks, but not to the HR Case itself.
D. No. Granular delegation does not change a delegate's access to records.
Suggested answer: D

Question: If all Can Edit Journey permissions are selected on the Journey configuration, which of the following users are allowed to make changes to the existing Journey? (Choose two.)
A. The journey owner
B. The employee
C. The mentor
D. The admin
Suggested answer: AC

Question: When configuring a Lifecycle Event, which of the following is used to define the relationships between fields in various tables?
A. Trigger conditions
B. LE Properties
C. Activity Field Mapping
D. HR Templates
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which HRSD application automates and streamlines employee onboarding and other activities across departments?
A. Lifecycle Events
B. Employee Center
C. HR Performance Analytics
D. HR Integrations
Suggested answer: A

Question: Which application delivers employees an omni-channel learning experience to enable timely access to the correct learning?
A. Document Templates
B. Manager Hub
C. Employee Relations
D. Learning Posts
Suggested answer: D

Question: When an employee completes a questionnaire on an Employee Form, on which table does the system store their answers?
A. Form [sys_ui_form]
B. Metric Result [asmt_metric_result]
C. Question Answer [question_answer]
D. HR Case [sn_hr_core_case]
Suggested answer: B

Question: With the I18N: Knowledge Management Internationalization Plugin v2 enabled, how are translated Knowledge articles associated with each other so that the user is presented with the article in the selected language?
A. Article Versions related list
B. Translated Versions related list
C. Localization list
D. Dynamic translations list
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which feature prevents editing or purging of employee documents based on an HR Profile?
A. Retention Policy
B. Legal Holds
C. Security Policy
D. Topic Detail
Suggested answer: B

Question: A customer using Lifecycle Events Enterprise has documented a large offboarding Lifecycle Event that includes many steps. Many of the steps, including approvals, must be completed in a specific order.Which of these is the best method to use to ensure the activities are triggered in the appropriate order?
A. Create a new lifecycle event for each of the dependent items
B. Create separate trigger conditions for each of the dependent activities
C. Create activity containers for the dependent items
D. Create separate activity sets for each of the dependent activities
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which plugin when paired with HRSD, delivers storage space, filing system, and functionality to purge and retrieve documents?
A. Employee Journey Management
B. Employee Document Management
C. Employee Document Enterprise
D. Document Keeper
Suggested answer: B

Question: What happens when a cross-scope attempt is executed?
A. The record is automatically added to the Restricted Caller Access Privileges table
B. The record is automatically set to caller tracking
C. The Read record status is set to requested before the system will allow the script to run
D. The record status is automatically set to allowed
Suggested answer: A

Question: What does the template field referenced on the HR Service record do?
A. Populate fields on a Journey task
B. Populate responses for HR agents
C. Populate fields on the HR Profile
D. Populate fields on the HR Case record
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which application is used to analyze trends, patterns, and data on the Team Insights page?
A. Manager Hub
B. HR Integrations
C. Employee Center
D. Lifecycle Events
Suggested answer: A

Question: Which application is used to send prompts to managers and employees in their flow of work?
A. HR Performance Analytics
B. Proactive Prompts
C. Lifecycle Events
D. HR integrations
Suggested answer: B

Question: When a Document Template is created from an HR Case, the name of the person who created the document is added to the name of the attachment.Why?
A. It indicates who should sign the document
B. It indicates who generated the document
C. It indicates the Opened for user
D. It indicates who the document is about
Suggested answer: B

Question: What defines an employee's access to the HR Service Portal / Employee Service Center?
A. Group membership
B. User Criteria
C. HR Criteria
D. Client Roles
Suggested answer: D

Question: How can an HR Administrator or Content writer limit which employees will see content on the Employee Service Center?
A. All employees will see the same information
B. Client roles automatically limit what is visible to employees
C. Using User Criteria
D. Using HR Criteria
Suggested answer: D

Question: On the HR Case form, some HR Services have associated Response templates.What determines which HR Services have Response Templates?
A. The HR Criteria on the HR Service
B. The HR Criteria on the Response Template record
C. The table and conditions on the Response Template record
D. The User Criteria on the HR Service
Suggested answer: C

Question: At what level is User Criteria set to control who can read and edit knowledge articles?
A. In either the Knowledge Base or Article.
B. In the Knowledge Article only.
C. In the User record.
D. In the Knowledge Base only.
Suggested answer: A

Question: How many COEs may be associated with an HR Service?
A. 5
B. 1
C. unlimited
D. 10
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which module provides a user-friendly interface for creating new HR Skills and assigning HR skills to members of the HR department?
A. Skills Routing
B. Skills Management
C. Manage HR Skills
D. Skills Definition
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which HR Role is typically granted to all HR Support staff, at a minimum?
A. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
C. HR KB Writer [sn_hr_core.kb_writer]
D. Document Management User [document_management_user]
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which Service Portal configuration option is used to customize the logo, theme, and title of the HR Service Portal?
A. Designer
B. Page Editor
C. Widget Editor
D. Branding Editor
Suggested answer: D

Question: Using the base HRSD configuration with no integrations, when the subject person electronically signs an HR document or PDF document, the signature is saved as what?
A. a digital signature
B. a picture of the signature that is added to the document
C. a digital key
D. a digital certificate
Suggested answer: B

Question: How can HR Tasks be marked as optional?
A. Set Optional to True on the HR Task Template
B. Set Optional to True on the Activity Set
C. Tasks cannot be optional
D. Set Optional to True on the HR Case form
Suggested answer: A

Question: What provides a graphical representation of other tables related to a specific table, either through class extension or reference?
A. System Structure
B. Table Map
C. System Map
D. Schema Map
Suggested answer: D

Question: Scenario: An existing ITSM customer is now implementing HR Enterprise. As part of the implementation, the Scoped Application Restricted Caller Access [com.glide.scope.access.restricted_caller] plugin was automatically activated.By default, what is the Caller Access field set to?
A. Caller Denial
B. Caller Tracking
C. Caller Restriction
D. Caller Allowed
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which of the following is the key factor in determining the implementation timeline?
A. Configuration complexity
B. Types of integrations
C. Customer location
D. Customer business type
Suggested answer: A

Question: Beginning with the Orlando release, which module allows HR Administrators to define which groups may access the various COEs or HR Services without needing to edit or create new ACL records?
A. COE Properties
B. COE ACL Configuration
C. Access Policies
D. COE Policy groups
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which HR Integrations module is used to document the URL, basic integration properties, and inbound and outbound username and password information for a third-party application?
A. HR Integration Service
B. HR Schema Mapping
C. Sources
D. HR Webservices
Suggested answer: C

Question: In Employee Document Management, which of the following statements is true for legal holds?
A. Legal Holds are permanent and cannot be removed
B. Legal Holds may be placed on a group of HR profiles
C. Legal Holds may be placed on either a Document Type or an individual employee’s HR Profile
D. Legal Holds may be manually placed on individual employee documents
Suggested answer: C

Question: What Primary Security aspects are focused on for the HR application? (Choose three.)
A. Password Security
B. ACL Security
C. Contextual Security
D. Physical Security
E. Roles and Groups
F. Platform Access
Suggested answer: CEF

Question: When an employee contacts HR, they speak in terms of lifecycle events. From an HR perspective, that event gets translated into several HR services that need to be performed. Of the following items, which would be considered a lifecycle event?
A. Direct Deposit Setup
B. Having a baby
C. PTO Inquiry
D. Tuition Reimbursement
Suggested answer: B

Question: What is the minimum role required to view confidential data associated with the HR Profile?
A. HR Administrator [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. Employee Service Center Admin [sn_hr_sp.admin]
C. HR basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
D. HR profile viewer [sn_hr_core.profile_reader]
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which base instance application delivers the results of current state metrics?
A. HR Integrations
B. Employee Center
C. HR Dashboards and Reports
D. Performance Analytics
Suggested answer: C

Question: A customer using Lifecycle Events Enterprise has configured their onboarding process. Now, management has tasked the HR Admin with creating a way to back out onboarding work in case the new employee decides not to join the company.Which of these is the best method to use to reverse work already performed as part of this Lifecycle Event?
A. Check the “allow blackout” box on each of the activities
B. Configure a new Lifecycle Event with the necessary activities
C. Configure the rescind activity set with the necessary activities
D. Check the “allow blackout” box on each of the activity sets
Suggested answer: C

Question: In the base ServiceNow configuration, when are HR Cases created after a Bulk HR case request is submitted?
A. Twice per day using a scheduled job
B. Every 6 hours using a scheduled job
C. Once a day using a scheduled job
D. Immediately
Suggested answer: D

Question: How can a PDF document on an active HR case be generated? (Choose two.)
A. Autogenerated by system configuration
B. By the Subject Person’s manager
C. By the employee
D. By the Assigned to person
Suggested answer: AD

Question: If you have both Admin [admin] and HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] roles and want to configure an Access Control Rule for the HR Payroll table, which of the following must first be done?
A. Manually add the Delegated Developer role to your User record
B. Manually add the security_admin role to your User record
C. From the User dropdown in the banner, elevate your role to delegated_developer
D. From the User dropdown in the banner, elevate your role to security_admin
Suggested answer: D

Question: Lifecycle Events includes an activity set that can be used to cancel and revert work done in a lifecycle event case. What is this process called?
A. Reverse
B. Cancel
C. Repeal
D. Rescind
Suggested answer: D

Question: What role is required, at a minimum, to view confidential HR Profile data?
A. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
B. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
C. LE Admin [sn_hr_le.admin]
D. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which portal allows employees to submit ethical violation complaints?
A. Lifecycle Events
B. HR Performance Analytics
C. Employee Center
D. HR Integrations
Suggested answer: C

Question: If a knowledge base and its articles have no user criteria selected, a user without a role can do what?
A. read and contribute articles
B. read articles, but not contribute
C. can neither read nor contribute articles
D. contribute, but not read articles
Suggested answer: B

Question: When configuring the Onboarding Lifecycle Event, the HR Admin did not select an Audience for the 'Select a Desk' task. If a remote employee is being onboarded. how does the system handle this task?
A. The Lifecycle Event rescind process will be triggered
B. The activity will be skipped
C. The Lifecycle Event will be canceled
D. The activity will be triggered and must be manually closed
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which content delivery feature will allow a user to deliver messages to employees and invite them to a meeting where survey results will be shared?
A. Campaigns
B. Journey Accelerator
C. Scheduling
D. Listening Posts
Suggested answer: A

Question: Delegated Developers are granted access only to what in which they are working?
A. Interfaces
B. APIs
C. Instances
D. Scopes
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which table is considered the core table for all HR Case records?
A. Skill [cmn_skill]
B. Incident [incident]
C. HR Task [sn_hr_core.task]
D. HR Case [sn_hr_core_case]
E. HR Profile [sn_hr_core_profile]
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which field on the HR Service record defines which HR Catalog Item is associated with the Service?
A. COE
B. Topic Detail
C. Template
D. Record Producer
Suggested answer: D

Question: What determines when the HR Chat queue is available?
A. Schedule field on the HR Profile
B. Schedule field on the User record
C. HR Chat is always available
D. Schedule field on the Queues record
Suggested answer: D

Question: What are the major HR Service Catalog components? (Choose four.)
A. HR Template
B. Assignment Group
C. HR Catalog Item
D. Matching Rule
E. Record Producer
F. HR Service
G. HR Profile
Suggested answer: ACEF

Question: What role is required at a minimum, to access the Lifecycle Events Cases View Dashboard?
A. HR Basic [sn_hr_core basic]
B. HR Case Reader [sn_hr_le.case_reader]
C. LE Admin [sn_hr_le.admin]
D. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
Suggested answer: B

Question: In terms of bulk cases what Status label is given to a User that no longer matches the criteria defined in User Segments?
A. Duplicate
B. Inactive
C. Included
D. Excluded
Suggested answer: D

Question: A user with only the HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] role can save and modify which copies of existing reports?
A. All
B. Global
C. Group
D. Personal
Suggested answer: D

Question: In which Application Scope is the Lifecycle Events table contained?
A. Human Resources: Core
B. Human Resources: Lifecycle Events
C. Human Resources: Integrations
D. Human Resources: Service Portal
Suggested answer: B

Question: What settings define and track cross-scope access to applications?
A. Access Controls
B. Restricted Caller Access
C. Access Restrictions
D. Business Rules
Suggested answer: B

Question: What determines which Knowledge bases, Knowledge articles, and Service Catalog Items an employee can view?
A. Filters
B. User Groups
C. HR Criteria
D. User Criteria
Suggested answer: D

Question: The Template field referenced on the HR Service record is used to do what?
A. Populate fields on the HR Case record
B. Filter who can access the HR Service
C. Create pre-configured responses HR professionals can use
D. Make the HR Service accessible on the Employee Service Center
Suggested answer: A

Question: When is the Record producer field needed on the HR Service record?
A. When the HR professional will be creating Cases on behalf of the employee
B. When you want the employee to request the HR Service from the Employee Service Center
C. It is always a required field
D. There is no Record producer held on the HR Service record
Suggested answer: B

Question: What kinds of records can be created using HR Service Activities? (Choose two.)
A. Workflows
B. Approvals
C. HR Templates
D. Tasks
Suggested answer: BD

Question: Using the Lifecycle Event Enterprise application, tasks may only be assigned to... (Choose the most appropriate answer.)
A. Only users with a Client Role
B. Only users with an HR role
C. HR Case Workers. Employees, users in other groups
D. Only users with the Manager role
Suggested answer: C

Question: The customer has a group of developers who will be tasked with making subprod updates to the HR Integrations application. Customer policy states these developers cannot be granted the System Administrator [admin] role. Which of these is the best solution for granting the appropriate access needed to complete development work m the HR application?
A. Grant them delegated developer role to the global application scope
B. Advise the customer this work must be completed in Production
C. Grant them delegated developer role only to the HR Integrations application scope
D. Submit an exception request to allow them to have the Admin role
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which feature enables agents to have discussions about their work in the Next Experience user interface?
A. Work Notes
B. Sidebar overview
C. Connect Chat
D. Scheduling
Suggested answer: B

Question: How does ServiceNow know which HR Template to use on an HR Case?
A. The HR Template is referenced on the HR Service record.
B. The HR Template is referenced on the record producer form.
C. Each COE has a specific HR Template.
D. The HR Template is selected directly on the Catalog item.
Suggested answer: A

Question: What are the key differentiators between an HR Profile record and a User record? (Choose three.)
A. The HR Profile stores the employee's assigned delegates.
B. The HR Profile includes group membership information.
C. The HR Profile includes employee organizational information like Colleagues.
D. The HR Profile stores login credential information.
E. The HR Profile may include employee marital status.
F. The HR Profile is intended to store confidential employee data that is pertinent for HR.
Suggested answer: CEF

Question: What role is required to access the modules in the HR Integrations application?
A. HR Lifecycle Event Case Writer [sn_hr_le.case_writer]
B. HR Core Profile Reader [sn_hr_core.profile_reader]
C. Admin [admin]
D. HR Integrations Admin [sn_hr_integrations.admin]
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which of the following are predefined Dashboards that are installed with HR Case Management? (Choose three.)
A. Manager Dashboard
B. Overview
C. Workforce Administration Dashboard
D. Onboarding Dashboard
E. Employee Relations Cases Dashboard
F. HR Case Dashboard
Suggested answer: ABF

Question: When a Guided Setup task is marked as complete, how can it be reopened?
A. Closed tasks cannot be reopened
B. Click the Mark as Incomplete button
C. Submit a request in HI
D. Restart the Guided Setup entirely
Suggested answer: B

Question: What method needs to be invoked from MatchingRuleProcessor class?
A. processAndGetCandidates
B. processAndGetUsers
C. processAndGelList
D. processAndGetArray
Suggested answer: A

Question: HR Administrators can configure a personal copy of the HR Case Dashboard using which of the following buttons? (Choose two.)
A. Change Layout
B. Delete Content
C. Modify Layout
D. Add Content
E. Add Layout
Suggested answer: AD

Question: How many User Criteria Records may be applied to a single KB or KB Article?
A. Only two
B. Only three
C. Unlimited
D. Only one
Suggested answer: C

Question: In the base ServiceNow instance, how are User Criteria used?
A. To control which users can access the HR Case application
B. To control what a user sees in the information and suggested reading widgets
C. To control read and write access to Knowledge bases and articles
D. To control which users can access the HR Service Portal
Suggested answer: C

Question: What type of information does the HR Profile contain?
A. Personal employee data
B. Group membership and role information
C. User login and department information
D. A user’s password
Suggested answer: A

Question: In the base instance, what determines the conditions a Case must meet before it can be assigned to an agent?
A. Matching Rules
B. Client Rules
C. ACLs
D. Escalation Rules
Suggested answer: A

Question: What types of HR Document templates may be created in ServiceNow? (Choose two.)
A. Document Templates
B. Word document templates
C. PDF document templates
D. Text document templates
Suggested answer: AC

Question: What kind of records do HR Requests create?
A. HR Incidents
B. HR Files
C. HR Problems
D. HR Cases
Suggested answer: D

Question: If a customer has a huge employee population, complex organizational structures, and requires custom integrations and language translations, what level of configuration complexity would their project be considered?
A. Drastic
B. Low
C. Major
D. Nominal
Suggested answer: A

Question: What role needs to be removed from the Admin role at go live to prevent the System Admin from being able to see HR Profile information?
A. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
B. HR Agent [sn_hr_core.agent]
C. Core Admin [sn_core.admin]
D. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
Suggested answer: D

Question: If the Applies to all services box is not checked on the COE ACL Configuration record, what additional configurations must be made to the record?
A. No additional configurations are needed
B. More than one group must be added to the Groups list
C. At least one HR Service must be selected for the Services list
D. An Applies when condition must be created for each Service
Suggested answer: C

Question: What identifies data from HRSD to push to a third-party HR application?
A. HR Inbound Schema Mapping
B. HR Outbound Schema Mapping
C. HR Webservices
D. HR Service Mapping
Suggested answer: B

Question: Which Lifecycle Event activity type enables you to manage the dependencies or order of activities within an activity set?
A. Approval
B. Notification
C. Activity container
D. Employee task
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which of the following features allows employees to delegate their tasks to other employees for specific date and time ranges based on delegation rules?
A. Role Delegation
B. Admin Delegation
C. Granular Delegation
D. Task Delegation
Suggested answer: C

Question: What is the purpose of Journey designer?
A. It tracks the progress of Lifecycle Events and onboarding cases using the dashboards.
B. It creates templates for plan and to-do tasks that managers, employees, and mentors can access.
C. It manages the dependencies of activities within an activity set.
D. It combines Lifecycle Event cases and Journey Accelerator action plans.
Suggested answer: D

Question: Which ServiceNow feature is used to create pulse surveys?
A. Employee Forums
B. Learning Posts
C. Listening Posts
D. Employee Forms
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which plugin is recommended when upgrading from the global version of HR to the scoped version?
A. Human Resources Scoped App: Employee Relations [com.sn_hr_employee_relations]
B. Human Resources Scoped App: Data Migration [com.sn_hr_migration]
C. Human Resources Scoped App: Lifecycle Events [com.sn_hr_lifecycle_events]
D. Human Resources Scoped App: Integrations [com.sn_hr_integrations]
Suggested answer: B

Question: When creating a new Lifecycle Event activity set, what happens when the audience field is set as empty?
A. The activity set applies to all employees.
B. The activity set applies for a specific group of people.
C. The activity set will not apply to a specific group of people.
D. The activity set will not apply to any employees.
Suggested answer: A

Question: When using Agent workspace for Case Management, how can the maximum default size of 30MB for an Employee Document be changed?
A. Using the maximum file upload size in megabytes Security policy
B. Using the file upload size system property
C. Using the maximum file upload size in megabytes field in the Employee Document Properties
D. Using the maximum file upload size business rule
Suggested answer: C

Question: What are the functions of a journey template owner? (Choose three.)
A. Restrict inter-departmental transfer of sensitive case details
B. Manage the order and flow of the journey stages and tasks
C. Create task templates for their audience in a simple user-friendly experience
D. Message new hire to welcome them to the team
E. Change only the task templates that they own
Suggested answer: BCE

Question: After the HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin] role has been removed from the Admin role, how may a user with only the Admin role add members to HR groups?
A. The Admin must elevate their role to security_admin to add members to HR groups.
B. The Admin follows the same process as with any group membership change.
C. The Admin can no longer add members to HR groups.
D. The Admin must impersonate an HR Admin to add members to HR groups.
Suggested answer: C

Question: Which of the following are examples of HR application scopes? (Choose four.)
A. Human Resources: COE
B. Human Resources: Core
C. Human Resources: Knowledge
D. Human Resources: Integrations
E. Human Resources: Lifecycle Events
F. Human Resources: Global
G. Human Resources: Service Portal
Suggested answer: BDEG

Question: What are the functions of a journey template owner? (Choose three.)
A. Manage the order and flow of the journey stages and tasks
B. Create task templates for their audience in a simple, user-friendly experience
C. Add owners and approvers to journey configurations
D. Change only the task templates that they own
E. Maintain oversight of journey templates and approval flows
Suggested answer: ABD

Question: When creating a PDF Document template, the Document revision field must be completed.How does the system determine which documents are available to be selected for this field?
A. You must be a member of the Owning Group for the Managed Document
B. All Documents are visible
C. Your group memberships and the Document owner field on the Managed Document record
D. You must have created the Managed Document record
Suggested answer: C

Question: In the Create Bulk Cases module, which Filter by options are available in the dropdown? (Choose four.)
A. Document Template
B. Upload File
C. HR Service Template
D. User Criteria
E. HR Template
F. HR Profiles
G. HR Criteria
Suggested answer: BDFG

Question: If you have both Admin and HR Admin roles and wanted to configure an Access Control for the Employee Relations Cases table, what must first be done?
A. Add the Delegated Developer role to your User record
B. From the User dropdown in the banner, elevate your role to security_admin
C. Manually add the security_admin role to your User record
D. Nothing would need to be done
Suggested answer: B

Question: If an HR Service needs to be accessible to employees on the Employee Center, which field must be completed on the HR Service record?
A. Record Producer
B. Taxonomy Topic
C. Catalog item
D. Checklist
Suggested answer: A

Question: If the HR Administrator group has been tasked with collecting Performance Analytics data, what additional role should be granted to the group?
A. Performance Analytics Data Collector [pa_data_collector]
B. Performance Analytics Administrator [pa_admin]
C. Performance Analytics Threshold Admin [pa_threshold_admin]
D. System Administrator [admin]
Suggested answer: A

Question: The HR Case [sn_hr_core_case] table is an extension of what?
A. Incident table
B. Case table
C. Task table
D. Lifecycle Events table
Suggested answer: C

Question: The customer you will be implementing for wants to utilize Now Mobile.What is the minimum HR SKU they may purchase that includes Now Mobile?
A. HR Service Delivery Professional
B. Now Mobile is a standalone solution
C. HR Service Delivery Enterprise
D. HR Service Delivery Standard
Suggested answer: A

Question: All ServiceNow web traffic uses which data protocol to ensure data is always TLS encrypted in transit.
A. REST protocol
B. HTTP
C. SOAP protocol
D. HTTPS
Suggested answer: D

Question: The HR Profile table is used to track information for what Employment types? (Choose three.)
A. Other
B. Potential Employee
C. Full Time Employee
D. Temporary Employee
E. Spouse
F. Contractor
Suggested answer: CDF

Question: The Knowledge bases searched for the Knowledge results section on an HR Case are determined by what?
A. Contextual Search configuration
B. HR Service configuration
C. HR Criteria configuration
D. Knowledge Management configuration
Suggested answer: A

Question: If the Workflow editor is utilized for a Lifecycle Event, how does the system know when a task or approval should be triggered?
A. Activities are manually triggered
B. The activity set trigger condition determines when it is triggered
C. Activities are automatically triggered on specific dates
D. The Activity trigger condition determines when it is triggered
Suggested answer: B

Question: An HR Admin without the System Admin role can do what? (Choose three.)
A. Grant roles to users or groups
B. Modify the HR Administration &gt; Properties
C. Reset user passwords
D. Create HR Criteria
E. Configure business rules
F. Add users to groups
Suggested answer: BDF

Question: Which option allows a user to make a copy of a campaign?
A. User Campaign
B. Copy Campaign
C. Update Campaign
D. Clone Campaign
Suggested answer: D

Question: What does ServiceNow now call the HR application?
A. HRDS - HR Deliver Service
B. HRSM - HR Service Management
C. HRMS - HR Management System
D. HRSD - HR Service Delivery
Suggested answer: D

Question: If both the Knowledge Base and the KB article have no "Can Read" User Criteria, what role is required to read the article?
A. HR Basic [sn_hr_core.basic]
B. HR Manager [sn_hr_core.manager]
C. No role is needed
D. HR Admin [sn_hr_core.admin]
Suggested answer: C